if I put your tennis shoes on
everybody's hitting oh shit oh shit
and show you fans of your motherfucking
laces brunch in some of y'all got bro
game nobody gonna be riding a car you
sold a few million you should all run
shit you did a few killings he said
alright shit you moved a hundred bricks
you see it alright shit you hit a
hundred leaks
he said alright shit you can wear blue
suit you still running shit even with a
license to shoot you still don't run
shit you can be the hottest in the game
is it all runnin shit you can be in the
most popular game you can be a some
fresh new shoes it alright shit even
when you paid all the do you see it
alright shit
even people with black features hit all
right shit every sprinter in a track
meet
your garden made of olivine listen you
can be someone with a large following
all right you and the bitch shape of
your life is it alright holding the gun
or the night shit when you die you're
gonna be a statue at all right shit
muscled out with many tattoos do you can
be the doctor in the white coat it all
run shit black people or red or white
bullshit alright
you can be an old hag shit alright
you can be representing a flag enough
money to raise horses shit wearing high
rank in your arm water you got goons
that both don't sit around shit won't
you pay Caesar what it's old shit use
the life you might be shit even the
nigga that's gonna
just you don't run she